FlavaCoin 0.0.1 Emily

Copyright (c) 2012 The Bitcoin Developers
Copyright (c) 2011-2012 PPCoin Developers
Copyright (c) 2014 Blackcoin Developers
Copyright (c) 2021-2022 The FlavaCoin Developers


Distributed under the MIT/X11 software license, see the accompanying
file license.txt or http://www.opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php.
This product includes software developed by the OpenSSL Project for use in
the OpenSSL Toolkit (http://www.openssl.org/).  This product includes
cryptographic software written by Eric Young (eay@cryptsoft.com).


Intro
-----
FlavaCoin is a free open source project derived from Bitcoin, with
the goal of providing a long-term community driven, energy-efficient scrypt-based crypto-currency.
Building on the foundational work of Bitcoin, PPCoin & Blackcoin, FlavaCoin uses a Hybrid Proof-Of-Work/Proof-Of-Stake consensus
mechanism, which is better for the environment, and helps to futher advance the feild of crypto-currency. 

In an endless sea of scam ICO's, Pump and Dumps and 'Crypto' scare stories our community was born to raise awareness, and help promote
healthy crypto trading and improve the repuation of the technology we all love so much. 
Once of our main obectives(as a community) is to educate people on using crypto-currencies as a store of value and for daily spending.
We actively encourage our members to learn about crypto without asking them for money or taking risks. You can learn all about crypto
by using it( not just speculating on it's price on an exchange!) by joining our project. All you need to do to earn FlavaCoin is to become involed in one 
of the community activities. You could help to develop tools for the FlavaCoin network, educate people in the community on subjects you are well versed in, contribute to the 
community chats, helping out people and general acts of kindness! You can also earn FlavaCoin by mining Flava( which is just a fancy way of saying 'I'll use some of my spare 
computing power to help the FlavaCoin network) and earn a reward for doing so. 

 
A community can be whatever you make it! This coin is FOR the people and BY the people! Get involved in an ever evolving community and build up a store 
of value along the way! There's nothing to stop FlavaCoin becoming the next big currency! It's YOU the people who decide a currencies 
value, so why not be part of one and make something great togther! Remeber that a healthy crypto market is better for the world. 


www.flavacoin.org/

or @ discord: https://discord.gg/4kGwZqTf





